README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Fix : progamification updated to react-rewardrally

README.md, after:

# HRMSApp With RewardRally

RewardRally gamifies the HRMS app by introducing interactive challenges, achievement badges, and rewards for completing daily HR activities. Users earn points and compete on leaderboards based on tasks completed, fostering engagement and productivity within the workforce while enhancing the HR experience.

## Reward Rally - Platform that leverages gaming techniques to motivate user participation, engagement, and collaboration.

## Installation

Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

## Usage

Serve on http://localhost:4200

```bash
npm run start
```

- Confirm Your Bus Ticket By clicking 'Pay Now'
- Your score in the leaderboard will be updated

## Security Reporting

If you find a security issue with our libraries or services please report it to contact@rewardrally.in with as much detail as possible. We will contact you shortly upon receiving the information.

## License

Copyright (c) Peninsular Research Operation. All rights reserved.

## Contact

For seamless integartion of rewardrally, questions, issues, or feedback, please contact contact@rewardrally.in

## Keywords

RewardRally, Gamification, NPM, angular, User engagement and retention, increase customer retention, Employee engagement, Employee retention, Gamification blogs, increase customer engagement, RewardRally Demo App ,RewardRally Sample Bus booking App, Reward Rally Sample App
